Bring Credentials Revocation Tutorial in line with StatusList2021 spec (#559)
w3c-ccg/traceability-interop: docs/tutorials/credentials-status-update/README.md

# Credentials Status Update Tutorial

> If you wish to bypass this tutorial and simply want to import the postman collection locally, copy the "Raw" [link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/w3c-ccg/traceability-interop/main/docs/tutorials/credentials-status-update/credentials-status-update.postman_collection.json) to your clipboard and In Postman, Import -> Link -> Paste the "Raw" link. Otherwise, please continue with the rest of the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to bypass this tutorial and simply want to import the postman collection locally, copy the "Raw" [link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/w3c-ccg/traceability-interop/main/docs/tutorials/credentials-status-update/credentials-status-update.postman_collection.json) to your clipboard. Then, in Postman, **Import** -> **Link** -> **Paste** the "Raw" link. Otherwise, please continue with the rest of the tutorial.
```

---

> If you have not done so already, please review and complete the previous tutorials which form the foundation for the material presented in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not done so already, please review and complete the previous tutorials which provide a foundation for the material presented in this tutorial:
```

> 1. [Authentication Tutorial](../authentication/README.md) - Obtain an OAuth2 client credentials grant token
> 1. [Did Web Discovery Tutorial](../did-web-discovery/README.md) - Get Organization identifiers and VC-API service endpoint
> 1. [Credentials Issue Tutorial](../credentials-issue/README.md) - Issue a verifiable credential
> 1. [Credentials Verify Tutorial](../credentials-verify/README.md) - Verify a verifiable credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Authentication Tutorial](../authentication/README.md) — Obtain an OAuth2 client credentials grant token
1. [Did Web Discovery Tutorial](../did-web-discovery/README.md) — Get Organization identifiers and VC-API service endpoint
1. [Credentials Issue Tutorial](../credentials-issue/README.md) — Issue a verifiable credential
1. [Credentials Verify Tutorial](../credentials-verify/README.md) — Verify a verifiable credential
```

> In this tutorial, we will be updating the status of (specifically, revoking) a previously issued and verified verifiable credential from the Credentials Issue Tutorial workflow, and then validating that is has been properly updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will update the status of a verifiable credential, previously issued and verified in the **Credentials Issue Tutorial** workflow, and then validating that is has been properly updated (specifically, revoked).
```

Reviewer: @rhofvendahl — What's your reason for not applying this change? (I've just added a couple more word changes, that I didn't notice last time.)

## Setup and Configuration

> This tutorial will be picking up where the Credentials Verify Tutorial left off; the quickest way to get set up to work on this tutorial is to:
> 
> 1. Duplicate the Credentials Verify Tutorial and rename it to Credentials Status Update Tutorial.
> 1. Duplicate the Credentials Verify Environment and rename it to Credentials Status Update Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial picks up where the **Credentials Verify Tutorial** left off. The quickest way to get set up to work on this tutorial is to:

1. Duplicate the **Credentials Verify Tutorial** and rename it to **Credentials Status Update Tutorial**.
1. Duplicate the **Credentials Verify Environment** and rename it to **Credentials Status Update Environment**.
```

Be sure to activate the new Credentials Status Update Environment by selecting it in the drop-down menu at the top-right of the Postman interface.

<img src="./resources/select-environment.png"/>

## Update Credential Status

> In this tutorial, we will be using the `verifiable_credential_id` and `access_token` from previous steps to update the status of a verifiable credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will use the `verifiable_credential_id` and `access_token` from previous steps to update the status of a verifiable credential.
```

### Environment

> No additional environment variables are needed for this request, all required environment variables were set during the tutorial steps for previous requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No additional environment variables are needed for this request; all required environment variables were set during the tutorial steps for previous requests.
```
